Prompt Vision Transformer for Domain Generalization    
Though vision transformers (ViTs) have exhibited impressive ability for representation learning, we empirically find that they cannot generalize well to unseen domains with previous domain generalization algorithms. In this paper, we propose a novel approach DoPrompt based on prompt learning to embed the knowledge of source domains in domain prompts for target domain prediction. Specifically, domain prompts are prepended before ViT input tokens from the corresponding source domain. Each domain prompt learns domain-specific knowledge efficiently since it is optimized only for one domain. Meanwhile, we train a prompt adapter to produce a suitable prompt for each input image based on the learned source domain prompts. At test time, the adapted prompt generated by the prompt adapter can exploit the similarity between the feature of the out-of-domain image and source domains to properly integrate the source domain knowledge. Extensive experiments are conducted on four benchmark datasets. Our approach achieves 1.4% improvements in the averaged accuracy, which is 3.5 times the improvement of the state-of-the-art algorithm with a ViT backbone.      
将prompt加入到ViT中，从而将源域中学习到的知识应用到目标域上  

------
Conviformers: Convolutionally guided Vision Transformer    
Vision transformers are nowadays the de-facto preference for image classification tasks. There are two broad categories of classification tasks, fine-grained and coarse-grained. In fine-grained classification, the necessity is to discover subtle differences due to the high level of similarity between sub-classes. Such distinctions are often lost as we downscale the image to save the memory and computational cost associated with vision transformers (ViT). In this work, we present an in-depth analysis and describe the critical components for developing a system for the fine-grained categorization of plants from herbarium sheets. Our extensive experimental analysis indicated the need for a better augmentation technique and the ability of modern-day neural networks to handle higher dimensional images. We also introduce a convolutional transformer architecture called Conviformer which, unlike the popular Vision Transformer (ConViT), can handle higher resolution images without exploding memory and computational cost. We also introduce a novel, improved pre-processing technique called PreSizer to resize images better while preserving their original aspect ratios, which proved essential for classifying natural plants. With our simple yet effective approach, we achieved SoTA on Herbarium 202x and iNaturalist 2019 dataset.    
卷积与ViT的结合   

------
Sequence Prediction Under Missing Data : An RNN Approach Without Imputation    
Missing data scenarios are very common in ML applications in general and time-series sequence applications are no exceptions. This paper pertains to a novel Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) based solution for sequence prediction under missing data. Our method is distinct from all existing approaches. **It tries to encode the missingness patterns in the data directly without trying to impute data either before or during model building**. Our encoding is lossless and achieves compression. It can be employed for both sequence classification and forecasting. We focus on forecasting here in a general context of multi-step prediction in presence of possible exogenous inputs. In particular, we propose novel variants of Encoder-Decoder (Seq2Seq) RNNs for this. The encoder here adopts the above mentioned pattern encoding, while at the decoder which has a different structure, multiple variants are feasible. We demonstrate the utility of our proposed architecture via multiple experiments on both single and multiple sequence (real) data-sets. We consider both scenarios where (i)data is naturally missing and (ii)data is synthetically masked.    
针对一个常见的问题提出新的处理思路     

-----
Exploring and Exploiting Multi-Granularity Representations for Machine Reading Comprehension    
Recently, the attention-enhanced multi-layer encoder, such as Transformer, has been extensively studied in Machine Reading Comprehension (MRC). To predict the answer, it is common practice to employ a predictor to draw information only from the final encoder layer which generates the coarse-grained representations of the source sequences, i.e., passage and question. The analysis shows that the representation of source sequence becomes more coarse-grained from finegrained as the encoding layer increases. It is generally believed that with the growing number of layers in deep neural networks, the encoding process will gather relevant information for each location increasingly, resulting in more coarse-grained representations, which adds the likelihood of similarity to other locations (referring to homogeneity). Such phenomenon will mislead the model to make wrong judgement and degrade the performance. In this paper, we argue that it would be better if the predictor could exploit representations of different granularity from the encoder, providing different views of the source sequences, such that the expressive power of the model could be fully utilized. To this end, we propose a novel approach called Adaptive Bidirectional Attention-Capsule Network (ABA-Net), which adaptively exploits the source representations of different levels to the predictor. Furthermore, due to the better representations are at the core for boosting MRC performance, the capsule network and self-attention module are carefully designed as the building blocks of our encoders, which provides the capability to explore the local and global representations, respectively. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets, i.e., SQuAD 1.0, SQuAD 2.0 and COQA, demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. In particular, we set the new state-of-the-art performance on the SQuAD 1.0 dataset     
对信息表示粒度的探索   

-------
Domain-Specific Risk Minimization    
Learning a **domain-invariant** representation has become one of the most popular approaches for domain adaptation generalization. In this paper, we show that the invariant representation may not be sufficient to guarantee a good generalization, where the labeling function shift should be taken into consideration. Inspired by this, we first derive a new generalization upper bound on the empirical risk that explicitly considers the labeling function shift. We then propose Domain-specific Risk Minimization (DRM), which can model the distribution shifts of different domains separately and select the most appropriate one for the target domain. Extensive experiments on four popular domain generalization datasets, CMNIST, PACS, VLCS, and DomainNet, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed DRM for domain generalization with the following advantages: 1) it significantly outperforms competitive baselines; 2) it enables either comparable or superior accuracies on all training domains comparing to vanilla empirical risk minimization (ERM); 3) it remains very simple and efficient during training, and 4) it is complementary to invariant learning approaches.      
对域不变信息的研究    

-----
Mere Contrastive Learning for Cross-Domain Sentiment Analysis   
Cross-domain sentiment analysis aims to predict the sentiment of texts in the target domain using the model trained on the source domain to cope with the scarcity of labeled data. Previous studies are mostly cross-entropy-based methods for the task, which suffer from instability and poor generalization. In this paper, we explore contrastive learning on the cross-domain sentiment analysis task. We propose a modified contrastive objective with in-batch negative samples so that the sentence representations from the same class will be pushed close while those from the different classes become further apart in the latent space. Experiments on two widely used datasets show that our model can achieve state-of-the-art performance in both cross-domain and multi-domain sentiment analysis tasks. Meanwhile, visualizations demonstrate the effectiveness of transferring knowledge learned in the source domain to the target domain and the adversarial test verifies the robustness of our model.      
使用对比学习解决跨领域问题   

----
