VAuLT: Augmenting the Vision-and-Language Transformer with the Propagation of Deep Language Representations     
We propose the Vision-and-Augmented-Language Transformer (VAuLT). VAuLT is an extension of the popular Vision-and-Language Transformer (ViLT), and improves performance on vision-and-language tasks that involve more complex text inputs than image captions while having minimal impact on training and inference efficiency. ViLT, importantly, enables efficient training and inference in vision-and-language tasks, achieved by using a shallow image encoder. However, it is pretrained on captioning and similar datasets, where the language input is simple, literal, and descriptive, therefore lacking linguistic diversity. So, when working with multimedia data in the wild, such as multimodal social media data (in our work, Twitter), there is a notable shift from captioning language data, as well as diversity of tasks, and we indeed find evidence that the language capacity of ViLT is lacking instead. The key insight of VAuLT is to propagate the output representations of a large language model like BERT to the language input of ViLT. We show that such a strategy significantly improves over ViLT on vision-and-language tasks involving richer language inputs and affective constructs, such as TWITTER-2015, TWITTER-2017, MVSA-Single and MVSA-Multiple, but lags behind pure reasoning tasks such as the Bloomberg Twitter Text-Image Relationship dataset. We have released the code for all our experiments at https: github.com gchochla VAuLT.     
对ViT进行改进的一种方法

-----
Improved Image Classification with Token Fusion     
In this paper, we propose a method using the fusion of CNN and transformer structure to improve image classification performance. In the case of CNN, information about a local area on an image can be extracted well, but there is a limit to the extraction of global information. On the other hand, the transformer has an advantage in relatively global extraction, but has a disadvantage in that it requires a lot of memory for local feature value extraction. In the case of an image, it is converted into a feature map through CNN, and each feature map's pixel is considered a token. At the same time, the image is divided into patch areas and then fused with the transformer method that views them as tokens. For the fusion of tokens with two different characteristics, we propose three methods: (1) late token fusion with parallel structure, (2) early token fusion, (3) token fusion in a layer by layer. In an experiment using ImageNet 1k, the proposed method shows the best classification performance.      
将CNN和Transformer结合起来以提高图像分类的性能

-------
Text to Image Generation: Leaving no Language Behind    
One of the latest applications of Artificial Intelligence (AI) is to generate images from natural language descriptions. These generators are now becoming available and achieve impressive results that have been used for example in the front cover of magazines. As the input to the generators is in the form of a natural language text, a question that arises immediately is how these models behave when the input is written in different languages. In this paper we perform an initial exploration of how the performance of three popular text-to-image generators depends on the language. The results show that there is a significant performance degradation when using languages other than English, especially for languages that are not widely used. This observation leads us to discuss different alternatives on how text-to-image generators can be improved so that performance is consistent across different languages. This is fundamental to ensure that this new technology can be used by non-native English speakers and to preserve linguistic diversity.    
该论文研究的是，模型使用英文文本作为输入性能很好，但是使用其他语言性能大幅下降，如何解决该问题（该问题其实普遍存在！！！）

------
Coarse-to-Fine: Hierarchical Multi-task Learning for Natural Language Understanding     
Generalized text representations are the foundation of many natural language understanding tasks. To fully utilize the different corpus, it is inevitable that models need to understand the relevance among them. However, many methods ignore the relevance and adopt a single-channel model (a coarse paradigm) directly for all tasks, which lacks enough rationality and interpretation. In addition, some existing works learn downstream tasks by stitches skill block(a fine paradigm), which might cause irrationalresults due to its redundancy and noise. Inthis work, we first analyze the task correlation through three different perspectives, i.e., data property, manual design, and model-based relevance, based on which the similar tasks are grouped together. Then, we propose a hierarchical framework with a coarse-to-fine paradigm, with the bottom level shared to all the tasks, the mid-level divided to different groups, and the top-level assigned to each of the tasks. This allows our model to learn basic language properties from all tasks, boost performance on relevant tasks, and reduce the negative impact from irrelevant tasks. Our experiments on 13 benchmark datasets across five natural language understanding tasks demonstrate the superiority of our method.     
要是一个模型粗粒度和细粒度的表示都学习了，会不会得到更好的性能？

------
Pseudo-Labels Are All You Need    
Automatically estimating the complexity of texts for readers has a variety of applications, such as recommending texts with an appropriate complexity level to language learners or supporting the evaluation of text simplification approaches. In this paper, we present our submission to the Text Complexity DE Challenge 2022, a regression task where the goal is to predict the complexity of a German sentence for German learners at level B. Our approach relies on more than 220,000 pseudo-labels created from the German Wikipedia and other corpora to train Transformer-based models, and refrains from any feature engineering or any additional, labeled data. We find that the pseudo-label-based approach gives impressive results yet requires little to no adjustment to the specific task and therefore could be easily adapted to other domains and tasks.      
考虑一下对伪标签的使用！

------
